Adjust typography (#195)
natura-cosmeticos/natds-rn: README.md

> For component detailed API and usage examples, check out the page [Using NatDS Icons](https://natds-rn.natura.design/?path=/docs/documentation-icons--page/)
> and the [Icon component documentation](https://natds-rn.natura.design/?path=/docs/components-icon--default/).

## Fonts

> We have the brand fonts package `@naturacosmeticos/natds-themes` as a dependency of this library, so you have the brand fonts files available in your `node_modules` folder after installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide custom fonts by brands via `@naturacosmeticos/natds-themes`, so you have to copy them from `node_modules`.  To do this, import the `copyFontsByBrand` to `react-native.config.js` file, passing the brand that you need and the path to your assets folder:
```

> We have the brand fonts package `@naturacosmeticos/natds-themes` as a dependency of this library, so you have the brand fonts files available in your `node_modules` folder after installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The brand fonts package `@naturacosmeticos/natds-themes` is a dependency of this library, so the font files by brand are available in the `node_modules` folder after installation. To use them, import the method `copyFontsByBrand` and add their path to the `react-native.config.js` file:
```

Author: Fiz um merge entre as duas sugestões, oque acham?

The brand fonts package `@naturacosmeticos/natds-themes` is a dependency of this library, so the font files by brand are available in the `node_modules` folder after installation. To do this, import the method `copyFontsByBrand` to `react-native.config.js` file, passing the brand that you need and the path to your assets folder:
